We need to create a new project from the file menu.
So go to the project mode in our application.
And inside that sources we have our package called com dot.
What whatever the name in your ID.
So let's create a new class of songs and in that class as song or Java under that package.
So the first thing that we are going to need is a string string, which is the name of a song, so let's
call it a title.
And the second thing that we have is the song duration.
So we take it as double.
Let and another one we will have a constructive hearing on both things to be initialized.
So the string and the duration double which is are initialized or sliding, we can easily generate this
automatically.
Right, right.
Clicking our control.
And now we will create an empty constructor as well, although we are not going to use it.
But still, let's have one.
Okay, so we have this empty structure.
Now let's have a getter method for title as well as the duration.
So the get title and the get duration of our getter.
And we also need our two string method and it will give the public string to two string.
So it will be what it does, that it will return whatever the property of the class.
So here, the class of song, we have this string title and a double duration, so it will simply print
those things for us.
So here we have this, a public string, two string method.
So it's simply returning whatever we have in this class.
And finally, this is all about the song class and what will be the next thing that we are going to
need is a class of album.